README.md, before:

IMPORTANT: the APIs implemented here are still in the process of definition, anything may change, beware!  We aim to have them settled by the middle of 2020, COVID 19 permitting.

# Introduction
In this repository you will find the implementation of a cellular transport in C for various embedded target platforms, enabling a cellular connection to be used inside the embedded C IoT SDKs of cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure.  The implementation consists of:

- `ctrl`: a driver that allows control of a cellular module over an AT interface, e.g. make connection, read IMEI, read signal strength, etc.
- `sock`: a driver that allows data transfer through a cellular module, presenting the same TCP/UDP sockets API as LWIP and building on top of the AT parser in `ctrl`.
- `port`: the porting layer which allows `ctrl` and `sock` to be compiled and tested on various platforms and within various SDKs; look here for the build files and the tests.
- `cfg`: configuration information for the software in general, specific cellular modules and tests.

![Architecture](pics-for-readme/architecture.jpg)

# Usage
The C API for `ctrl`, `sock` and `port` can be found in their respective `api` sub-directories and are documented in the header files there.  Information on how to build run tests on a given target platform can be found in the `README.md` files of the relevant platform sub-directory of `port`.

# License
The software in this repository is Apache 2.0 licensed.  The AT parsing code in `ctrl` is derived from the Apache 2.0 licensed AT parser of mbed-os; copyright (and our thanks) remain with the original authors.

Commit message:

The beginnings of a UART driver, using the excellent information provided here: https://stm32f4-discovery.net/2017/07/stm32-tutorial-efficiently-receive-uart-data-using-dma.  Curiously, this site is NOT an ST site, it is run by an ST employee but it is his site and carries advertising, hence I had ignored it originally, thinking I should look at the ST information in preference.  Why don't ST do something like this rather than providing PDFs about their SW and a somewhat unresponsive forum?
And another discovery: if you include FreeRTOS then the STM-provided implementation of heap no longer works ('cos FreeRTOS, as any RTOS, manipulates the stack pointer which the ST _sbrk() implementation takes no account of).  The information here http://www.nadler.com/embedded/newlibAndFreeRTOS.htm provides a full explanation of what's wrong (since mid 2019) and a fix.  Seems odd that ST haven't fixed this in 6 months; it's a tad on the basic side for any IoT-type application to have an RTOS and malloc() working.

Now stuck on the UART BRR register calculation turning out to be zero.  Small steps.

README.md, after:

IMPORTANT: the APIs implemented here are still in the process of definition, anything may change, beware!  We aim to have them settled by the middle of 2020, COVID 19 permitting.

# Introduction
In this repository you will find the implementation of a cellular transport in C for various embedded target platforms, enabling a cellular connection to be used inside the embedded C IoT SDKs of cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure.  The implementation consists of:

- `ctrl`: a driver that allows control of a cellular module over an AT interface, e.g. make connection, read IMEI, read signal strength, etc.
- `sock`: a driver that allows data transfer through a cellular module, presenting the same TCP/UDP sockets API as LWIP and building on top of the AT parser in `ctrl`.
- `port`: the porting layer which allows `ctrl` and `sock` to be compiled and tested on various platforms and within various SDKs; look here for the build files and the tests.
- `cfg`: configuration information for the software in general, specific cellular modules and tests.

![Architecture](pics-for-readme/architecture.jpg)

# Usage
The C API for `ctrl`, `sock` and `port` can be found in their respective `api` sub-directories and are documented in the header files there.  Information on how to build run tests on a given target platform can be found in the `README.md` files of the relevant platform sub-directory of `port`.

# License
The software in this repository is Apache 2.0 licensed and copyright u-blox with the following exceptions:

- the AT parsing code in `ctrl` is derived from the Apache 2.0 licensed AT parser of mbed-os,
- the heap management code for the STM32 platform (`heap_useNewlib.c`), required because the native ST implementation does not allocate memory correctly when used with FreeRTOS, is copyright Dave Nadler.

In all cases copyright (and our thanks) remain with the original authors.
