mqtt/README.md, before:

IMPORTANT: this API is still in the process of definition, anything may change, beware!  We aim to have it settled by the middle of 2020, COVID 19 permitting.

# Introduction
These directories provide a driver that implements an MQTT interface with a cellular module.

The files under the `ctrl` directory provide the actual AT interface to the cellular module and hence are required by this driver (and those of `port`, see next section) to achieve a usable binary image.

# Usage
The directories include only the API and pure C source files that make no reference to a platform, a C library or an operating system.  They rely upon the `port` directory to map to a target platform and provide the necessary build/test infrastructure for that target platform; see the relevant platform directory under `port` for build and usage information.

# Testing
The `test` directory contains generic tests for the `mqtt` API. Please refer to the relevant platform directory of the `port` component for instructions on how to build and run the tests.

Commit message:

Another "it compiles" check-in.  Implementations of all MQTT functions aside from the "will" related ones for both SARA-R4 and SARA-R5.  Lord knows whether they do anything even vaguely sensible.  Next: testing.

mqtt/README.md, after:

IMPORTANT: this API is still in the process of definition, anything may change, beware!  We aim to have it settled by the middle of 2020, COVID 19 permitting.

# Introduction
These directories provide a driver that implements an MQTT interface with a cellular module.

The files under the `ctrl` directory provide the actual AT interface to the cellular module and hence are required by this driver (and those of `port`, see next section) to achieve a usable binary image.

The `sock` API provides IP address manipulation functions which are required by this driver.

# Usage
The directories include only the API and pure C source files that make no reference to a platform, a C library or an operating system.  They rely upon the `port` directory to map to a target platform and provide the necessary build/test infrastructure for that target platform; see the relevant platform directory under `port` for build and usage information.

# Testing
The `test` directory contains generic tests for the `mqtt` API. Please refer to the relevant platform directory of the `port` component for instructions on how to build and run the tests.
