port/platform/nordic/nrf52840/sdk/gcc/unit_test/README.md, before:

# Introduction
This directory contains the unit test build for Nordic NRF52840 under GCC with Make.

# Usage
Make sure you have followed the instructions in the directory above this to install the GCC toolchain, Make and the Nordic command-line tools.

You will also need a copy of Unity, the unit test framework, which can be Git cloned from here:

https://github.com/ThrowTheSwitch/Unity

Clone it to the same directory level as `cellular`, i.e.:

```
..
.
Unity
cellular
```

Note: you may put this repo in a different location but if you do so you will need to add, for instance, `UNITY_PATH=c:/Unity` on the command-line to `make`.

Likewise, if you haven't installed the NRF5 SDK at that same directory level and named it `nrf5` then you will need to add, for instance, `NRF5_PATH=c:/nrf5` on the command-line to `make`.

With that done `cd` to this directory and enter:

`make flash CFLAGS=-DCELLULAR_CFG_MODULE_SARA_R5`

This will build the code assuming a SARA-R5 module and download it to a connected NRF52840 development board.  If the pins you have connected between the NRF52840 and the cellular module are different to the defaults, just add the necessary overrides to the `CFLAGS` line, e.g.:

`make flash CFLAGS="-DCELLULAR_CFG_MODULE_SARA_R5 -DCELLULAR_CFG_PIN_VINT=-1"`

...noting the use of quotation marks (otherwise the second `-D` will appear as another parameter to `make` which will just cause it to pause for 30 seconds).

Commit message:

Add instructions on how to build examples. A few other tweaklets, most importantly the debug in the AT URC handler is now off by default as the URC handler is now reliable and the adhoc debug was getting in the way.

port/platform/nordic/nrf52840/sdk/gcc/unit_test/README.md, after:

# Introduction
This directory contains the unit test and examples build for Nordic NRF52840 under GCC with Make.

# Usage
Make sure you have followed the instructions in the directory above this to install the GCC toolchain, Make and the Nordic command-line tools.

You will also need a copy of Unity, the unit test framework, which can be Git cloned from here:

https://github.com/ThrowTheSwitch/Unity

Clone it to the same directory level as `cellular`, i.e.:

```
..
.
Unity
cellular
```

Note: you may put this repo in a different location but if you do so you will need to add, for instance, `UNITY_PATH=c:/Unity` on the command-line to `make`.

Likewise, if you haven't installed the NRF5 SDK at that same directory level and named it `nrf5` then you will need to add, for instance, `NRF5_PATH=c:/nrf5` on the command-line to `make`.

With that done `cd` to this directory and enter:

`make flash CFLAGS=-DCELLULAR_CFG_MODULE_SARA_R5`

...to build and run all examples and unit tests. If you only want to run a particular example, or a particular unit test, enter instead, for instance:

`make flash CFLAGS="-DCELLULAR_CFG_MODULE_SARA_R5 -DCELLULAR_CFG_TEST_FILTER=exampleThingstreamSecured"`

...to build and run just the `exampleThingstreamSecured` example, the name being taken from the second parameter of the `CELLULAR_PORT_TEST_FUNCTION` macro for the test or example you want to run.  Note the use of quotation marks (otherwise the second `-D` will appear as another parameter to `make` which will just cause it to pause for 30 seconds); do NOT put quotes round the name of the example/test.  You may use a partial string, for instance:

`make flash CFLAGS="-DCELLULAR_CFG_MODULE_SARA_R5 -DCELLULAR_CFG_TEST_FILTER=example"`

...will build and run all the examples.

Doing the above will build the code assuming a SARA-R5 module and download it to a connected NRF52840 development board.  If the pins you have connected between the NRF52840 and the cellular module are different to the defaults, just add the necessary overrides to the `CFLAGS` line, e.g.:

`make flash CFLAGS="-DCELLULAR_CFG_MODULE_SARA_R5 -DCELLULAR_CFG_PIN_VINT=-1"`
