sock/README.md, before:

# Introduction
These directories provide a driver that implements the user data (sockets) interface to a cellular module.  The API presented is a Berkeley sockets API, similar to that of LWIP, allowing the files here to replace LWIP, providing a cellular-based sockets interface through the IP stack inside the cellular module instead. 

The files under the `ctrl` directory provide the actual AT interface to the cellular module and hence are required by this driver (and those of `port`, see next section) to achieve a usable binary image.

# Usage
The directories include only the API and pure C source files that make no reference to a platform, a C library or an operating system.  They rely upon the `port` directory to map to a target platform and provide the necessary build/test infrastructure for that target platform; see the relevant platform directory under `port` for build and usage information.

# Testing
The `test` directory contains generic tests for the `sock` API. Please refer to the relevant platform directory of the `port` component for instructions on how to build and run the tests.

Commit message:

An enormous number of changes, including the first tentative attempt at an NRF52840 port (this only compiles at the moment, doesn't work yet).  I'm submitting these changes now as my hard disk had a bit of a wobble an hour ago.
- added extra directory level to separate chipset (e.g. ESP32) from vendor (e.g. Espressif).
- move cellularPortGetTickTimeMs() into cellular_port.c as it is not really an OS thing.
- cellularPortLog() now gets to be a portable logging function (cellularPortLogF()) rather than a macro since we need that for NRF52840.
- add #define cross-checking in cellular_cfg_module.h.
- add health warning in API files to be clear that they are still subject to change.
- add ability to set driveMode in GPIO config.
- fix some types in cellular_ctrl_at.c.
- add inclusion of stdarg.h to cellularPortClib since NRF52840 logging needs it.
- remove CELLULAR_PORT_UART_TX_BUFFER_SIZE since it can never be anything other than zero.
- add Nordic NRF52840 files: note that though an ses folder (Segger IDE) is shown under the sdk directory, it may not be supportable as it has no facility to transparently pass #defines through to the compilation tools.  So the gcc build works and begins to run but I've been unable to make logging (over RTT to Segger J-Link) run reliably, am in contact with Nordic about this.
- general update of README.md's and the like.

sock/README.md, after:

IMPORTANT: this API is still in the process of definition, anything may change, beware!  We aim to have it settled by the middle of 2020, COVID 19 permitting.

# Introduction
These directories provide a driver that implements the user data (sockets) interface to a cellular module.  The API presented is a Berkeley sockets API, similar to that of LWIP, allowing the files here to replace LWIP, providing a cellular-based sockets interface through the IP stack inside the cellular module instead. 

The files under the `ctrl` directory provide the actual AT interface to the cellular module and hence are required by this driver (and those of `port`, see next section) to achieve a usable binary image.

# Usage
The directories include only the API and pure C source files that make no reference to a platform, a C library or an operating system.  They rely upon the `port` directory to map to a target platform and provide the necessary build/test infrastructure for that target platform; see the relevant platform directory under `port` for build and usage information.

# Testing
The `test` directory contains generic tests for the `sock` API. Please refer to the relevant platform directory of the `port` component for instructions on how to build and run the tests.
